Add docs for new iteration of ent operator import feature (#29406)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/import/awssm.mdx

---
layout: docs
page_title: AWS secret import source
description: The AWS Secret Manager source imports secrets from AWS to Vault.
---

# AWS secret import source

Use the AWS source to import secret data from AWS Secret Manager into your Vault instance.

## Argument reference

Refer to the [HCL syntax](/vault/docs/import#hcl-syntax-1) for arguments common to all source types.

## Additional arguments

> - `credentials_profile` `(string: "")` - The name of the profile in your credentials file to authenticate with.
>   If not set, the default credential provider mechanisms are used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `credentials_profile` `(string: "")` - The name of the profile in your credentials file to authenticate with.
  If not set, Vault uses the default credential provider mechanisms.
```
Style correction: write in active voice
